[Datadog collection] Update instructions for trace forwarding (#1911)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/collect/datadog-traces-metrics.md

This topic describes how to:

* Configure {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} to send traces and metrics.
* Configure the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} Datadog Receiver.
* Configure the Datadog Agent to forward traces and metrics to the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} Datadog Receiver.

## Before you begin

* Ensure that at least one instance of the [Datadog Agent][] is collecting metrics and/or traces.
* Identify where you will write the collected telemetry.
  Metrics can be written to [Prometheus]() or any other OpenTelemetry-compatible database such as Grafana Mimir, Grafana Cloud, or Grafana Enterprise Metrics.
  Traces can be written to Grafana Tempo, Grafana Cloud, or Grafana Enterprise Traces.
* Be familiar with the concept of [Components][] in {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}.

> ## Configure {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} to send traces and metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure {{% param "PRODUCT_NAME" %}} to send traces and metrics
```

Headings need to use `%` to avoid weird Hugo things

    - _`<USERNAME>`_: The basic authentication username.
    - _`<PASSWORD>`_: The basic authentication password or API key.

> ## Configure the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} Datadog Receiver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure the {{% param "PRODUCT_NAME" %}} Datadog Receiver
```

    - _`<USERNAME>`_: The basic authentication username.
    - _`<PASSWORD>`_: The basic authentication password or API key.

> ## Configure Datadog Agent to forward telemetry to the {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} Datadog Receiver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure Datadog Agent to forward telemetry to the {{% param "PRODUCT_NAME" %}} Datadog Receiver
```

You can set up your Datadog Agent to forward Datadog metrics and traces simultaneously to {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} and Datadog.

We recommend this approach for current Datadog users who want to try using {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}}.

1. Add the following environment variables to your Datadog-agent installation.

   ```bash
   DD_ADDITIONAL_ENDPOINTS='{"http://<DATADOG_RECEIVER_HOST>:<DATADOG_RECEIVER_PORT>": ["datadog-receiver"]}'
   DD_APM_ADDITIONAL_ENDPOINTS='{"http://<DATADOG_RECEIVER_HOST>:<DATADOG_RECEIVER_PORT>": ["datadog-receiver"]}'
   ```

>    `DD_ADDITIONAL_ENDPOINTS` is used for forwarding metrics, whereas `DD_APM_ADDITIONAL_ENDPOINTS` is for traces.

Author: @alfredo-d I think this is what you had in mind?

Reviewer 2: heya @ptodev , yeah that looks about right. Thanks for this!

   DD_DD_URL='{"http://<DATADOG_RECEIVER_HOST>:<DATADOG_RECEIVER_PORT>": ["datadog-receiver"]}'
   ```

## Run {{% param "PRODUCT_NAME" %}}

> The `otelcol.receiver.datadog` component is experimental. In order to run it, 
> you need to start {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} with additional command line flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `otelcol.receiver.datadog` component is experimental.
To use this component, you need to start {{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} with additional command line flags:
```

Reviewer: Some minor updates for the doc changes

Author: Yes, I added the backport labels
